>> Jem Young: All right,
who got their chatbot working?
There were some steps we had to go
through that would have seemed unusual.
We did them all already at some
point other than the NGINX portion.
We did them all, but it's hard to remember
this because you've learned many,
many hours of knowledge.
And you've learned Kubernetes to TCP.
We've learned everywhere in between.
So when it comes back down
to actual programming,
it's a little easy to get tripped up.
So let's walk through exactly
how we hook this up and
how we hooked up web
sockets to our website.
Hopefully, some of you created
some funny chatbot responses.
I didn't quite get the chance,
but I had some good ideas.
Maybe I'll implement them in the Git
repo later, or feel free to open a PR.
So the first thing we wanna do,
>> Jem Young: And
I'm just gonna roll back through my
bash history to show you what I did.
>> Jem Young: The first thing I did was
I backed up to the /var/www directory.
And I ran git clone, so I cloned that
entire repo to this var directory.
And when you clone something, it's gonna
automatically create a folder for you.
And that folder was full stack,
front end v2, so fsfev2.
And from there, I'm gonna cd into
that directory, so cd fsfev2.
Run ls, we're looking good.
Then I ran a npm install, just to make
sure I have all the packages in there,
should be up-to-date, cool.
But now I have two node applications
running on the same server,
or on the same port.
So I wanna kill the other application,
cuz I don't need it for now.
So I'm gonna kill that.
So I'm gonna say, sudo pm2.
And the first process was at process 0.
We only had one running.
So we're gonna stop 0.
But because I already have it running in
the process 0, I'm gonna stop it again.
We're good to go, cool.
So now 0 stops.
I'm gonna run sudo pm2,
>> Jem Young: start,
we're gonna run this other application.
But I've already ran it,
I don't wanna start another process, but
you would run sudo pm2 start app.js.
So now we've stopped the other
application, the other one's running,
you're good to go.
Unfortunately, we still need to tunnel
the web socket connection through NGINX.
>> Jem Young: So we use this,
oops, there we go.
We have to set those proxy
upgrade headers in NGINX.
So in our NGINX configuration,
>> Jem Young: In
our location block,
right above the proxy_pass, or below it,
it doesn't really matter,
we set a proxy header.
We wanna set up an upgrade header.
And then we wanna set a another header for
connection upgrade.
>> Jem Young: Pretty good so far?
>> Jem Young: I'll give
you a second just in case.
It's a lot of typing.
>> Jem Young: Your hands
are probably hurting by now.
You've used the command line maybe more
than you've ever used in your life, and
that's good.
Okay, so when we modify our NGINX
configuration, what do we have to do?
One, two, three, restart, yes.
So we reload our NGINX, and I'm just
going through my history, cuz I am lazy,
sudo service nginx reload.
>> Jem Young: One of these was
probably the missing step.
And if you don't do them in order,
or not necessarily in order,
but you don't get every single one of
them, your application won't work.
So this point, we have a new
application running on the same port.
If there's a website connection, it's
gonna do an upgrade, and it should work.
So now if you go to your website,
I'm gonna go to mine.
See that my socket is up and
it's running, I can say hello, and
it returns awesome because I didn't
modify that script in any way.
Now, if you wanted to modify the script,
if you wanna look exactly where that
chatbot lives, make that a little bigger,
>> Jem Young: It's
just in this handleQuery.
You would write a switch
statement here for every query.
So if I said the query was,
hello, write a switch.
In that case, for hello,
you can return hello.
You can return whatever you want.
You can say what time it is.
You can grab the system time.
If you wanna get complicated and
grab, say, a system load, like,
how's my server doing,
you could respond like that.
Is this a real chatbot?
I don't know.
I don't in believe in chatbots anyways.
But if you wanted to build one,
this is how you do it.
When I layout the steps,
hopefully they make sense to you.
All the steps we had to do to
get to where we are today.
And it's kinda built on some of the skills
using Git, modifying our connection,
adding headers, things like that.
But it's the simple things that can get
you, and unless you do them repeatedly,
it's hard to remember the exact steps.
So if you didn't get it the first time,
don't feel bad at all.